Now that we've done the cool reverb effect on our intro, now it's time to start dropping in some music
so we can make this 10 minute video feel a lot more fun and really just add another layer of production
with some music.
So I have one, two, three, like six or seven tracks here, and I kind of roughly order them in this
thought or in the order that I feel like they may go in.
So if we take a listen to the first track shoes.
It's a cool vibe.
It feels like you're getting things started, you're moving.
And this track really feels like you're definitely getting stuff done.
So I wanted to start off kind of with a smooth track as the intro starts for the video and going into
really getting stuff done as we're doing the renovations in the space.
That's just another cool track that kind of matches the vibe of the video.
So these are all really cool, but I guess the last thing that I want to say before we drop these in
is I know I want a big payoff at the end of the video where we've done all the work.
We show the behind the scenes on the whole process and then we show this final product.
And I want that payoff to feel really cool and joyful.
So knowing that ahead of time, I chose this track.
Yeah.
That's just Zober upbeat and bright, and it's got these horns that, you know, just really sounds
like a celebration vibe.
So something to keep in mind as you cut together your YouTube videos.
Right.
But let's first go ahead and drop this first track in here at the beginning.
And I want this hit, this big beat that has a marker to hit at the beginning of where things get started.
Of course, the audio levels are off, so we're going to bring down our music track.
And I want to do a little bit of a fade in, if I could, to do it, so let's get right into it.
First, if you want to do, is choose your filming space.
I'm choosing this extra room.
OK, so it's still a little bit loud.
Generally, what I do is I'll put my speakers at half.
This is all the way up.
That's all the way down and at half.
Because you got to imagine, people are going to be playing it on their phone in loud places, in quiet
places in the valley, like wherever it happens.
Right.
So if I can't clearly hear the music and clearly hear the vocals at half volume with whatever I'm playing
it on, then I know my levels are not right.
So we're going to have to listen to this a few times to level off the sound of this first music track.
I got a little work to do.
So let's get right into it.
First, if you want to do, is choose your film.
That's a lot better.
That's pretty darn good.
If I'm choosing this extra breathing apparatus because I can renovated, I can move things around.
It's a clean slate to work with.
I mean, look at it.
It's a pretty tame, clean slate.
Empty walls, empty floor, empty ceiling.
And you see how this music is really pushing forward the edit.
If I play the same bit, but I mute the track children at my house because I can renovated, I can move
things around.
It's a clean slate to work with.
I mean, look at it.
It's a pretty and clean.
It's OK, but not like this.
Empty walls, empty floor, empty ceiling, everything you hear echoing here to fix that in the latest
steps.
So I'm really happy with this first track.
I feel like it matches with the first minute of this video.
Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to look ahead in my edit and see where I have major changes.
Now, that's going to dictate a really perfect time to change songs.
And for this edit is specifically, it's going to be pretty easy to do that because we are already highlighted
the main chapters of our edit, and they're their own specific color.
So let's look at the colors of the edit.
We'll keep that in mind and we'll look for parts in the song where we can transition between tracks
that we want to gather inspiration.
So I went through a full three creative spaces that I really like.
We got this lightsaber guy.
We have this creator has a really nice little modern clean space.
It's a little bit cold.
And then we got this guy believes these Armondo really cool space, very unique background, excellent
lighting.
So those were the three that I wanted to use and remix into my own space.
Next up is our brainstorming and concept creation phase.
This is where we're taking the inspiration that we gathered from online.
What people are doing, what they're not doing, and we're going to mix them with the space that we
chose.
So I'm doing a test shot here.
I got my camera out with rough framing of what I want the shot to look like.
And I'm getting some worked on where the hands are.
And, you know, busy day here.
But the goal of this is to see if the ideas that we came up with are going to work in our space.
Next up, we create our purchase place and we really want to.
OK, so we could potentially change this track a little bit around here.
But I actually came to a part in the edit where I know there's kind of a comedic line that I say here,
and this is a perfect opportunity to learn when to remove and drop out your music to really make a vocal
part stand out.
So songs do this all the time.
When they make the beat take, they make the beat, they take away the beat while the vocalist is singing
or saying something, and it makes it stand out.
So we're going to kind of do that same thing here, and we're going to use that to transition to a new
song.
Its next step, we create our purchases and we really want to maxed out our credit cards here because
and I talk about maxing out your credit cards.
I'm making a joke.
So we're going to find the right place to drop this out.
And we really want to maxed out our credit cards here, because that's going to give us some more motivation
to really take our video creating creativity and career a lot more seriously.
Why?
Because there is no choice.
We got to pay off our debt now.
And I'm serious here.
OK, so is it funny?
Is it not?
I don't know.
It's a little bit funny, but that actually worked pretty well.
So we dropped out our track at here because that's going to give us some more motivation to that point
where I talk about motivation, because getting into debt as a joke.
But let's try it if I drop it out at a different word, except we treat our purchases and we really
want to maxed out our credit cards here, because that's going to give us some more motivation to really
take our video creating creativity and career.
A lot more seriously.
So as soon as the track drops out, your ears automatically goes to my vocals, which sounds great.
I'm happy with it.
We don't need to fine tune it too much.
But there's, like I say, creating creativity, something, something video, creating creativity and
career.
So let's see if we can take out one of these parts of this alliteration that I'm doing a video creating
creativity in our video.
I'm just going to go to video Career Street.
A video, creativity and career.
A lot more serious.
OK, so we took out one of the actresses that didn't need to be there.
And now that we found a point where we can drop out our track and it actually works for the edit, it's
not for no reason, but it's actually for a very specific reason.
Now, let's go and grab our next track and find out where to sync it up and how to get it into the edit.
What I'm going to look for is, as you can see, there's a marker at the kind of main part of the video
of the song, and I remember it as we were listening.
It kind of comes back in to the video being serious again at this moment.
So let's line up this marker and let's just see what happens if we go right into the track without having
a fade in or build.
Next up, we create our purchase list and we really want to max out our credit cards here, because
that's going to give us some more motivation to really take our video, creativity and career a lot
more seriously.
Why?
Because there is no choice.
We got to pay off our debt.
Know in all series here, what we want to do is create a purchasing list of all the.
OK, so you see where we're going.
But it didn't quite work and the timing was a little bit off.
So rather than going straight into the B, the main part of the song, let's scoot it over and let's
see if we start the intro of the next track at this point where we know we want a new song to come in.
Let's see how that sounds.
Creativity and career a lot more seriously.
Why?
Because there is no choice.
We got to pay off our debt, you know, and all series here.
What we want to do is create a budget.
Nothing, nothing serious here.
What we want to do is create a purchase list of all the ideas we're going to need for a space.
I found that the best way to do this is to create two columns.
One.
OK, that's OK.
I'm not super mad at that.
But what I do want is for the main beat right here, this marker, I really want to have it come in
on this new section of the video.
So we're going to have to do some ninja work here.
So let's line up the part that we want.
So this marker and that leads us to the Christie space.
OK, well, you can already feel how that is at the right place, and that leads us to the Christmas
be okay.
Now, what we do is find out how to get things right over here.
So let's pull this back and let's see how this sounds.
We got to pay off our debt.
No, no serious here.
What we want to do is create a purchase list of all the items we're going to need for a space.
I found that the best way to do this is to create two columns.
One column has all of your equipment list purchases, and then one phone has all of your aesthetic list
purchases of what's going to go in your space to really give it more style and more character.
And that leads us to the Christmas phase.
This is going to be OK.
Perfect.
So we use the intro of this track to change the beat and the tempo after the cheesy joke that I made.
And we used that joke as kind of a cool moment to cut out the track before it to make the transition
into the new track.